feat: filtered introspection queries (#46)
mercurius-js/auth: docs/api/options.md

* **authDirective** `string` - the name of the directive that the Mercurius auth plugin will look for within the GraphQL schema in order to identify protected fields. For example, for directive definition `directive @auth on OBJECT | FIELD_DEFINITION`, the corresponding name would be `auth`.

> * **filterSchema** `boolean` - when `true` the GraphQL elements within the directive will be filtered during [Introspection queries](https://graphql.org/learn/introspection/) if the `applyPolicy` function will not be satisfied by the HTTP Request.
> 

Reviewer: nit: consider reworking to something like

```suggestion
* **filterSchema** `boolean` - when `true`, [introspection queries](https://graphql.org/learn/introspection/) will only return the parts of the schema which are accessible based on the applied policies.
```
